Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Subtitles by explosiveskull
All units
on patrol respond...
to Sigma Tau fraternity house,
12 Summit Avenue.
Mass casualties
occurring at this time.
Receiving multiple 911 calls.
116 responding.
No further information...
from callers, proceed with
caution.
237 in route.
Advise if
you need any other agencies...
dispatched for backup.
Agh!
Shh.
Fuck, you think this shit's
funny? This is my thesis, man!
What are you doing?
It's a prank. It's me, Dougie.
Yeah? It's a prank?
It's a prank about this!
No, no, no, no, no!
What did you do?!
It was a joke, that's
Dougie, man.
Oh my God, you killed him.
Oh fuck, I gotta hide the body.
I gotta hide the fuckin' body,
Wiggles!
Tanner! Tanner!
Oh! Oh, shit!
Oh, did you see his face?
That's gonna be cash money.
That's 3 million views
out the gate, easily.
Oh, we're gonna get so paid
for this.
And the luau gods have blessed
us again.
You were prankin' me?
That was good. It went better
than I thought it would go.
I thought it went the
best it could've gone.
What's up?
What's up, Victor?
We're now exiting the
red light district, Wiggles.
Uh, you're not allowed in
here 'til you're a senior.
Yes, sir.
Unless he's accompanied by one
of us. This is obviously okay.
Bakowski!
Aw, did he puke again?
Aw, you puke, you get the balls.
Carlito, Beefcake.
Hey, uh, asswipe.
Huh?
Turn the fuck around!
Thank you!
Jesus! That could've been you.
What's up, man?
Yo, what's up, amigos?
Timmy!
Woo-hoo-hoo!
Let's fuckin' luau!
Aw, Doug, that's animal
cruelty, bro.
Dude, they eat the
green shit, alright?
It's full of vitamins.
Oh hey, it's Jason.
Is he sleeping?
He's sleeping.
What better way to start
the day?
Woo-hoo!
Are you kidding me?
Are you fucking kidding me?
What did you do?
Wake and bake, yo. Rise and
shine!
It's the fuckin' luau party!
It's working!
Aw shit, J, you alright,
bro?
Jason, are you okay, man?
I feel good.
I feel really good.
What the fuck is
Wiggles doing in my room?
Can't believe you got
the pledges doing this.
Please don't ruin a gift that
I'm making for you, thank you.
Whoa. Why so many cameras?
This is our last fuckin' luau.
Mm-hm.
It deserves to be... no, it
demands to be remembered.
You will all thank me for making
this fuckin' luau movie...
because this is gonna be the
best night of our lives.
All right fine, but you gotta
promise me that no one's...
gonna see this except for us,
'cause it'll ruin my life.
I mean, all of ours, seriously.
I know, I know, you're gonna be
a big-time doctor, I get it.
Trust, I know what I'm doing.
Trust, he knows what he's doing.
Thank you.
Trying to immortalize you, man.
Let's do that in the kitchen,
I'm starving.
Oh this is some exciting stuff,
huh?
Dude, it's act one. We're
meeting all the characters.
Okay well, get to know
this character.
Oh God, he's just
diggin' her out.
Yo, yo, yo!
Ay!
What the fuck is this?
I thought this was
just for the party, man.
Yeah, the party started,
my brotha.
Alright, well keep me the fuck
out of it...
'cause I wanna keep my
legacy intact.
Yeah, the legacy of Liza.
Well, yeah, the legacy that you
guys can tell your mommies...
and your daddies about when you
move back home after college...
and I am working at the richest
hedge fund in New York City.
Wait, were you
just with Liza's dad?
Oh yeah. We were cruisin'
at 10,000 feet, man.
Pretty sick.
You took the copter?
Yeah, well I... I took it there.
I had to hoof it back,
but it was so fuckin' worth it.
Bro, don't forget
your promise, alright?
When you start meltin' gold,
you're buying me a jet ski.
Are you kiddin' me?
When I start meltin'
gold, you get a jet ski.
Ay!
You get a jet ski!
Everyone gets a jet ski!
We all get jet skis!
But I... I'm serious...
Liza is the greatest thing
that's ever happened to me.
Oh.
I love her so much.
Yup.
I actually need
this for beer so....
We need to do a beer run.
Ah, here you go, brother.
I'm gonna miss this and I you
guys are my brothers, you know.
You're my boys.
Dude this is like the last luau.
That's kinda sad.
Yeah, it went by really,
really fast.
Well, then, let's make sure
we fuck shit up...
and don't remember
anything in the morning.
One, two, three, the party luau!
I'm sure that like lots
of people haven't heard...
anything yet, you know, it could
take months and months...
especially with like different
schools.
I don't know, man...
I think they all do this
around the same time...
I mean first they send out the
acceptance letters, that's now..
and then the rejection ones.
But you haven't gotten
either yet, so you're tight.
No, but I saw this
threat and people were saying...
that they already got their
letters and shit.
Whoa, dude! Just hold on
a second, don't come out.
What the fuck, man?
Have you been shitting
this whole time?
Dude, I'm not shitting.
I'm pooping, alright?
There's a big difference.
It went right in the
water. There's no smell.
I probably don't
even have to wipe.
We're like real brothers.
Half brothers.
Still, real brothers.
Hey, honey, just got your text.
I'm so sorry.
You weren't waiting long,
were you?
Sort of... ugh, what is this?
Remember, it's Dougie's
little art project.
Oh, whatever. How did it go
with my dad?
Good, yeah. I got to the airport
safely. It was a lot of fun.
And did he say anything?
Um yeah, sorta not really. I had
to ride with the luggage...
and like he was on his phone
the whole time.
He's like such an important
guy that it was... it was cool.
It was very, very fun.
He said to stay in touch.
Oh baby, that's perfect!
Hello, hello, my KLP beauties.
How are we on this
fine luau morning?
Uh, sober as fuck,
where's the booze?
Maggie, I like
the way you think.
You should follow me.
In fact, why don't
all of you follow me?
No... hold on.
I brought my pledges to
help set up the fucking luau.
I mean, they'll clean
toilets, do dishes, laundry.
Get these bitches dirty!
No, we don't need them
to clean the toilets....
No, Grant, seriously,
these girls suck.
You shits think you're fucking
good enough...
for Kappa Lambda Phi, but you're
literally the most boring...
awkward group of sluts
I've ever seen.
I want this place sparkling now!
Okay.
Okay, we got a lot to do so
Tanner's gonna show you around.
He'll take care of you.
Yeah, alright,
follow me, ladies.
All right, boys.
Let's get some fuckin'
pyramids on this table.
You guys study Mesopotamia
in high school?
Let's see yours now.
Excuse me.
Hm...
I got one.
Hm.
Pledge, you are now to
be called Lube.
Did we...?
Lube is my name, it will not
be of shame.
You are not to leave this beach
till your detail gets clean.
Oh, hi.
Hi.
Um.
Yeah, you go down.
Thank you.
Nascar, left!
How many times do
we have to tell you?
Come on, dude, left, left.
Oh, how does that asparagus and
goat cheese omelet taste?
You're gonna be carrying this
up and down...
the stairs all night, boys.
This part should still be easy.
They're not looking good.
Not looking good at all.
Left!
Jesus fucking Christ, Nascar.
You can only turn left.
What don't you understand?!
Stop!
Nascar, you only got three
more weeks...
until you see that
checkered flag.
You turn right, you crash,
and you're out.
Fuck!
What the fuck don't you
understand...
about not dropping my beer?!
Oh! Oh! My baby!
What's going down here?
Ah, the booze juice is good!
Ah, fuck, the banister.
Does it smell like jizz
down here?
What is wrong with you, Dougie?
What?
Wait a minute, you guys! There's
something behind here.
Wiggles, bring that light over.
Come here.
What? Dude, Jason, what are
you doing?
I'm feelin' around.
Dude, hey, I wouldn't
put my hand in there, man.
There could be
something that bites.
That's the dumbest
idea I've ever heard.
- Ssh!
- Man, guys, let's go.
Ohhh! Shit!
Dude!
Fuck you!
Oh my God!
Fuck you.
That was good.
Fucking asshole.
That was a good one.
Now what?
Let's see what's
going on back here.
Why? No, let's not, just don't
make it worse.
Well, Jesus!
All right... there goes the
whole wall.
Whoa! What? This is fucked up.
What the fuck?
What the hell?
That's normal.
What are you doing with that?
I'm goin' in.
That's a terrible idea.
Why would you ever do that?
Wiggles, let me see that.
Whoa.
Okay. Okay.
My God.
Wow.
Jase, what's up?
Yo, it's crazy. Come in
here, you gotta see this.
Come on!
Go.
Whoa, look at all these lights.
What the fuck?
Think there's a
switch somewhere?
Check it. What kind of bulbs
are these?
What do you think
went on down here?
I'll tell you what, our alumni
were masters...
of the fuckin' haze, bro.
I mean honestly, there's some
stuff...
in the old books that puts
us to shame.
Gotta start getting harder
on these kids.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, watch out.
Fuck, man, shit.
My beer has found the cup
it wants to be drunk from.
This is a sign, boys.
Our ancestors, they have spoken.
Tonight is going to be epic.
Whoa!
What the shit?
What... what was that?
I don't know.
Shit, hold on, Liza's texting
me, I gotta go.
Whoa, okay.
Hey! Pledge!
Yes?
No one comes down here tonight.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I feel like we
might get electrocuted.
Let's get out of here.
Fuck yeah. Fuck yeah!
Damn, even the cleaning
lady hot.
Dude! Why are you peepin'
on Daphne?
I'm sorry, sir...
I was just doing
what I was told to do.
Is it weird that our cleaning
lady is here the day...
of the party and not tomorrow
when this place is a shithole.
Mm-hm.
Daphne! What's up?
What are you doin' here?
Oh... getting paid.
You know tonight's
like the fuckin' luau.
Ugh, yeah.
I see you guys gettin' ready
for it. It's the big one!
It's legendary.
I know.
God, I've watched you guys
tear this house apart for years.
And can you believe
she's still standing?
I know you're here
today cleaning but....
Actually, I'm really not.
Your pledges and the
Kappas are doing it for me.
Okay, cool but...
Yeah.
Tomorrow, I mean can you please,
please come...
because this place is gonna be...
Hells no.
A shit hole.
Day after the fucking luau?
Yeah, no.
I'll see ya in a month.
Oinky, oinky, J, don't get your
face on our dinner.
Yo, dude, it's just Claire.
Man, go fuckin' talk to her.
I got a bunch of classes
with her, she's really cool.
I don't wanna talk to her.
I mean, I don't have anything
to say.
You're being such a pussy
right now.
Claire! Hey! Hi.
I'm gonna come say hi
in a second.
You see how easy that is?
Man, that was a dick move.
Aw, J!
Aw this fucking guy is
drowning in Claire jerkoff land.
Wait, what are
you talking about?
Dougie, for the last four years
this guy has been lighting...
a candle, putting a smooth lube
on it, and jerking off...
to some idea he's made up
for this girl, right?
I'm sure he's smashed
her every single way.
Raw dog anal, we hope, but the
problem is all those...
sexual fantasies that he had,
they're all mixed up, right?
They're like this burrito,
mushed together.
It'll always be an amazing
Claire jerk burrito...
when they're all together, but
if you take that burrito apart..
you take that shit apart and you
just eat the corn...
it's just fucking corn, Dougie,
Claire is fucking corn.
She is boring.
Wait, so you're... so you're
saying that real, live Claire...
will never live up to the
fantasy Claire...
he's created in his head.
Exactly!
Wow!
Yeah, they're doomed
before they even start.
Dude, that's a really
deep way of putting it.
That is six years of college,
my man.
Who's wasting money now?
Not you, Dad.
Just calm down.
No!
No, I am not dealing with
this erectile dysfunction shit.
No! I told you I don't have
a problem down there.
Oh really? We all know what
happens to you when you drink.
Ssh!
You know it's... I
sometimes have a problem.
We haven't had sex
in a month, Grant!
And I want it tonight!
Okay, okay.
So no drinking until
I'm serviced down there.
It's the fucking luau, baby.
Oh no, are you saying that this
party is more important than me?
No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, I'm not.
I'm not saying that at all.
Okay, good, good.
Now we know you won't
fuck up what we have.
Ugh, be a man and take care
of your girlfriend properly.
I mean maybe you should
have some of my dad's Viagra.
Oh, God.
And... in, okay, hand me
another one.
So, my first fuckin' luau, my
job was bathroom attendant...
and they had this like Hawaiian
buffet.
Everybody got food poisoning and
I had to keep the toilets...
flushed and clean with this
like...
Claire, hi.
Hi.
Uh...
Uh, where should I put these?
Um... what are they?
Glow sticks.
Oh, shit!
Don't move, don't move,
don't move. Are you okay?
There's glass everywhere.
No, I'm okay. Yeah no, I'm okay.
Okay, let me... I'll
I'll... I will just uh....
Ah, okay, ooh.
I can, yeah, I got you.
Okay.
I can help you out.
Oh, thank you.
Uh...
Oh, perfect, right next
to my shoes.
Yeah, I guess I could've grabbed
those...
and just given them to you.
Oh no, thank you.
Okay, bye.
Yeah, bye.
Bye.
Future Dougie, this is uh,
young Dougie from college.
I'd like to apologize for what
I'm about to do...
to your body tonight.
Hopefully there's not too many
long-lasting medical...
repercussions, but if there are,
just know it was so worth it.
Hm... hm.
A hidden room, lots of lights,
and Tanner's cup... hm.
Does this does this
look like a letter here?
Um... looks like an H maybe?
An H?
O.
An S... maybe there's a P.
That's maybe... maybe an E.
S!
Hopes!
I-I think it's hospice.
Hospice! That sounds Chinese.
What does that mean?
No idea, sir,
I think it's Latin.
Computer, what does hospice
mean? Probably Chinese.
Okay, hospice derives from the
Latin hospes meaning guest.
Maybe this place was a hotel.
Ha-ha, very funny,
guys, turn the lights back on!
Shit.
Oh hell, shit.
Hello?
Hello? Man, what's...
Get your ass.
What the fuck is...?
Oh, shit!
Wiggles!
Unless you wanna see what a
high-fiber diet looks like...
I suggest you get the fuck out
of my bathroom.
Yes, sir... shit.
Okay, so are you gonna stay out
and party with us tonight...
or are you gonna ditch out like
you always do?
Yeah, I'll hang out
for a little bit...
but I've got that 5k cancer walk
thing tomorrow morning.
Ugh, Jesus Christ, how
convenient.
What? I'm representing our
entire sorority.
You know, we do more
than just party.
Sup, ladies? How we doin'?
Oh, good, how are you?
I'm just fuckin'
killin' it, you know.
I'm just finishing
putting the roofies in.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Oh, goddamn, I am so
aroused right now!
Let me try this.
You know, I gotta say it's a
little fuckin' tame for me.
Oh.
Mm-hm.
Claire, you wanna give it a try?
Oh, no, no, no, I'm good,
thank you.
Oh, shocker, she's such a
fuckin' lightweight, right, T?
Totally. You know who else
is a lightweight? Jason.
But Jason...
Oh my God.
Claire, Jason... Jason,
he's a babyweight, you know?
Oh my god, Mags, think about
that.
Claire, Jason, am I right?!
Oh, my god, no.
Alright, well I think this was a
really good and productive talk.
Thank you for your example.
You're welcome.
I'll just I'm here for you.
He is so quiche.
Oh God, I do not understand
what you see in him.
Yeah, you wouldn't because
you don't like masculine men.
What?! That's not true.
Claire, you like guys who
rollerblade...
and play fucking Frisbee games.
I do not!
Oh, really? Well, then
what about Jason?
Are you trying to get it
in tonight?
Ew, no, Maggie, there's no...
there's nothing...
between me and Jason
or anybody at all.
Come on! It is obvious that
he has a huge boner for you.
No.
And I can tell that you
have one for him, too.
No.
Let me see.
Oh my God, Claire!
I'm pressing charges.
That thing is huge!
No. Stop! Stop!
Pssst.
Um, hi, can I help you?
Did you just take my picture?
Just wanted to show my mom what
my new girlfriend looks like.
So what time do you
have to be back in heaven?
Hell, fucking no!
What the fuck are you doing
here?
Why you C blocking me, bro?
No, no, no, no.
You're supposed to be here
next weekend.
You need to get the fuck out.
Okay, I just rode eight hours
in a bus...
that smelled like sliced onions,
I'm not going home.
You told me this weekend, so
hand me another beer, grandpa.
Let's go, adios, amigo!
Let's go, come on.
- Hold this, sweetheart.
- Kick his ass, Tanner.
Go.
All right.
Oh!
How do you like that, huh?
Okay, okay. Dude, it fuckin'
hurts!
Say uncle. Say uncle.
Fuck you.
Say uncle.
Uncle!
That's embarrassing.
Oh my God, who are you?
Those are some incredible moves.
Name's Drew.
Is it hot out here or
are your boobs just huge?
Yeah, that's my
asshole little brother.
He's gay actually, though,
sorry about that.
He's so cute. I love
the freckles.
Fuck.
Guys, can you help me?
Yeah, coming.
What happened?
Yeah, I'm not really sure.
Has anyone gone in there?
Yes, ma'am, they did.
I'm gonna go get some
more ice.
All right.
Daphne? Uh, Daphne?
Hey!
Don't touch me.
Excuse you.
Daphne!
What the fuck is she doing?
I don't know.
I mean, do you think she's okay?
I-I've gotta... I've gotta
take this.
Okay.
Hello, hi, yeah, this is him.
Okay. Yup.
Yeah, I understand, yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
So, honey, I left an outfit out
for you to wear tonight...
and I will be really angry
if you don't wear it.
That sounds great, baby,
I can't wait.
Okay, remember, no alcohol,
I am serious.
Yeah, just Peligrino,
lots of ice cubes.
Oh, I just love you so much.
You're just so handsome.
Oh, and that cute little ass!
See ya.
Six for six.
Miracles happen every day and
they can even happen for you, T.
Alright, you got this, man.
Tonight.
Thank you!
I need the support, man.
I appreciate the support!
Sup, ladies?
Silver medal in the long jump.
I'm gonna get mad kitty
cat with this tonight!
Yeah, take that shit off.
You are not leaving this floor.
Dude.
Come on, no, no, no, no.
Dude, can he stay in
your room tonight?
I look, everybody knows that you
and this guy...
are going to bed
with some dry dicks.
Uh, no, it's not happening.
What's the six for six?
So, Tanner's had a menage
at the last five luaus.
Like a threesome?
You're kidding.
No, it's a fact. He put it
on Wikipedia.
Oh no. Dude, come on!
Oh my God!
You look like a douchebag.
Thank you, thank you.
Oh!
That's enough!
My...! Oh!
This is school spirit, alright?
This is... this is what fuckin'
pride and devotion looks like.
No, no, no, this is great.
This is why you are the
president of our fraternity.
Because of that.
Yeah.
Fuck, you guys, I'm taking
it off!
Yo, all of these fish are dead.
Yeah, yeah, I know, alright?
Just don't tell Tanner.
I'm gonna get some new ones.
Okay, we gotta get
downstairs, man.
You gotta get dressed, you
gotta chill with the games.
Yo! Dougie, come on, come on!
Dude, have you ever looked
up the history of this house?
Uh, no, why?
Dude, people have been
killed here, like a lot.
What? Really?
Yeah, dude, back in the 60's,
before fraternity bought...
the house, this guy named
William Sarken...
had a dinner party and like
killed everyone.
Get the fuck out of here.
Are you serious?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, even
himself, it was like...
13 people and his wife.
Dude, like right here,
in our house.
Damn, does it say like
what room it was in or...?
I don't know!
Who cares, dude?
I can't believe this
happened and we never knew this.
Okay, well this shit is
a fuckin' buzzkill, okay?
I don't wanna be
freaked out all night.
Can we talk about this tomorrow?
Yeah, okay, you're right.
Alright, it's a fuckin luau.
Uh, hey, do you uh did
you hear any news yet?
No, uh not yet.
Well hang in there man, alright?
If anyone deserves it, it's you.
Okay, security cam on.
Uh, throw a towel over it if you
bring any honeys up, or don't.
Okay, towel over camera.
Okay, let's do this.
I love you, man.
Dude, love you, bro.
Alright, alright, alright,
listen up.
We are about to kick off the
greatest party of the year.
Mm-hm.
Oh yeah.
Now I can't think of a better
group of guys to do that with...
than the guys standing in this
room right now.
That's right!
But listen, this is the party
that every single student...
on campus wants to be at.
Yup. Yes!
Now, that's a privilege,
but it's also a responsibility.
Each and every one of you
motherfuckin' pledges...
is gonna have a task tonight.
Some of you are gonna tend
bar...
some of you are gonna make sure
that our beaches are safe, okay?
I'm sure that some of you think
that this is gonna suck...
'cause you're gonna be working
all night.
No way.
You're wrong.
Alright? We've all had shitty
jobs, we were pledges once.
But so long as you do what
you're told, we are maybe...
gonna consider letting you be
one step closer...
to being brothers of Sigma Tau.
Shit, man!
It's not coming from me.
What is that?
What's that, you, uh, need my
help?
Jesus! What the fuck, dude?!
You are not to come down here!
You're sixteen! You keep
your ass upstairs!
Look, if anyone sees that
motherfucker coming down here...
you have my permission, you put
his ass upstairs, okay?
It might take a couple of you
to do it...
because he's retard-strong,
but you keep him up there.
Man, I am really disappointed
in the loser you have become.
To think you used to
be my best friend.
Jesus Christ.
Ow! You look fucking amazing.
Do you wanna go upstairs
right now, huh?
No, why?
What do you mean?
Let's... let's go, you know,
let's go.
Grant, I literally just got
here.
It's gonna take two seconds.
Come on, let's go.
Oh okay, well that's not
romantic at all.
Baby, what do you mean? I just
wanna make you feel good.
Come on.
Please! You have to get
me in the mood!
I'm totally turned off
right now.
Wh-wh-why aren't you
in the mood?
Because you're disgusting
as fuck.
Go Wiggles! Go Wiggles!
Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead.
Dead. All dead.
Sup, amigo?!
Crawling in that secret
passageway shit is awesome!
Whoa! What are you doing, dude?
Get back in there
before Tanner sees you.
Oh no, man. I didn't come all
this way to just sit on my ass.
I'm ready to partay.
Dude, do you wanna be the
person that gets us shut down?
Huh?
What the fuck are you doing?!
Dude, stop!
I'm beesin', bro. It tingles.
It's tight. Oh!
Oh!
Okay. Shit. Alright, okay, okay,
alright. Look, come with me.
I have an idea. Come on.
Nobody will see you.
Do what you want, but look,
don't take the head off.
Alright.
Promise me.
I promise.
Okay.
Bro.
Alright.
You're the brother I wish I had.
I will never forget you for
looking out for me like this.
Never ever.
Yeah, man, for sure.
Alright, that's good.
Long enough.
I'm gonna get so
much pussy tonight.
All right, yeah, good talk.
All right, get on out there.
Good luck blow.
Oh!
Aw.
That was very good.
Oh hey, I wanna thank you
for telling me...
about Professor Collins,
that guy's the shit.
I love that art class.
I knew you would love him.
He's so inspiring.
Mags! You're always lookin' out
for me! Thank you.
Of course! Why wouldn't I?
You ready to be inspired again?
Yes, I...
Okay, let's do this.
Oh!
Hey, are those
girls pledging KLP?
Who?
Right there.
Oh, them? Yeah.
What's wrong?
They're just fucking losers.
What the fuck, dude?
Dougie, what are you doing?
Uh, nothing.
What? Huh? Who's in there?
It's uh sorry friendo,
it's me, Santiago.
Dougie's friend, you know.
I don't know y....
All right, fine, fuck off.
Uh, you got this.
Are you seriously
ditching me right now?
There's important matters
at hand right now, Mags.
Well, good luck!
They're attached at the fucking
hip.
Really? Thank you.
Damn.
You wanna be my girlfrien...?
What?
See what I did there?
I left the D off 'cause you're
gonna be getting that later.
Fuck off.
Agh, I'll take that as a maybe.
Sup, mama?
Nice ass.
Shame you have to sit on it.
Maybe it went to his junk mail.
Well, he said he'll find a place
for you at the fund...
so you shouldn't worry.
I really want
this to work, okay?
Going out into the real world
and leaving college...
it's... it's scary, baby.
Can you just stop stressing out?
As long as we're good,
everything with my daddy's fine.
I love you so much.
Wanna go to my room?
Who invited those
fucking KZB bitches?
Did you just
fucking wave at her?!
Baby, I'm being hospitable.
Her vagina's hospitable.
I can't believe you
used to fuck that bitch.
That was before I met you!
Oh yeah, right, hardly. What a
disgusting whore, I can't.
What? Wait. Hey. Wait.
Wait, what do you mean
all the ice is melted?
It's just water now.
I was just gone for a second,
I swear.
Okay, look, go find Grant, tell
him we need emergency ice.
Okay.
Alright?
Go. Go, go, go, go, go.
Fast. Faster.
Who's there?
Who's back there?
The basement's off limits.
Is there someone with me
right now?
Did you come from
the hidden room?
Whippits, bro.
Fucking dickhead! Fuck!
I love 'em.
One Mississippi, two
Mississippi...
three Mississippi, four
Mississippi, five Mississippi.
Do you need a drink?
Oh, no, no, it's okay,
I can get it.
No, no, no. I can grab it
for you.
Oh, uh yeah, yeah, just a water
though.
Vodka?
Water.
Water, water.
Water, okay.
I have to wake up early for this
thing tomorrow and...
so I uh... why I can't really...
not that it matters.
Okay, water, it's water.
Here you go.
Thanks.
Uh so what... what are... what are
you gonna do after graduation?
Oh, uh, a family friend of mine
is a politician...
so I might go work for them
for a little while.
Wait, a what?
A politician.
A politician, okay.
So I might do something
with them...
but um, I don't really know.
I'm still figuring it all
out, but um what about you?
Do you know what you're
gonna...
Um, well, I-I actually
got into medical school.
Holy shit! Wow! Congratulations!
That's amazing.
Thank you. Thank you.
Wow.
Yeah, the Dean, he called me
earlier...
and you're the first
person I told.
Oh that's that's really amazing.
I didn't even know you
wanted to be a doctor.
I'm thinking probably
pediatrics.
You know, I love kids.
Not like in a weird way, I
just like to play with them.
No like I like to...
Claire!
Oh my God! Get down here and
dance with us! Oh, yeah.
Okay, okay, wait. Um, uh,
I'm so happy for you.
Okay, yeah, see ya.
Oh. Oh.
Oh.
Congratulations, Jason.
Thank you, Wiggles.
Bedrooms are safe, sir.
Good work, Nascar.
Left turns only.
Yo, get out of
this goddamn dungeon.
Hey.
I've been texting you.
Come on, the party's fucking
great downstairs, okay?
Hey, can I show you something?
No, where's the prank video?
No, no, no, you don't need to
know about the prank video.
You need to see this.
Check this out.
Aw man.
Okay, watch this.
Oh shit, Tanner's
little brother.
That! Right there!
You see that behind him?
See what?
Okay, watch again.
Right here, alright? Right here
in this corner, watch.
I didn't see anything.
Dude! Right here! Look, look.
You see that dark spot
right there?
The shadow?
Dude! That is not a shadow, man!
Okay, I need the prank video,
though.
This is great, but I need...
You're acting fuckin' crazy
right now.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Who the fuck cares
about a prank video?
You need to come to your senses.
Dude, you love all of
this UFO conspiracy shit.
Yeah, alright. Yeah, I do.
But I have facts about
this Sarken guy.
Now the library has all the
newspapers...
hidden from the 60's.
Okay, right.
Okay, look at this pic.
There's Sarken, right there.
Check this, look what
he's holding.
Okay...
Boom! Tanner's cup! Right there!
Okay, so he lived here and
Tanner found his cup. So what?
No, this guy was fucked up, man!
I mean thank God he beat his kid
and she wasn't here...
when he killed those 13 people.
Okay, I'm actually impressed
with all of this research...
man, but what does it have
to do with the shadow?
What was the only class
I ever got an A in?
Religious studies.
Bingo!
Okay, so you're saying
the house is haunted?
Dougie, man, come on.
I'm not saying that exactly...
No, yo, don't start! Come on!
You're being fucking crazy.
Am I? I don't know. Maybe
I'm... maybe I'm crazy.
Why was the cup sitting
all by itself...
in a room surrounded
by lights?
That's actually a good question.
Ask me tomorrow.
Ask me tomorr...
Jason!
Yo.
What's up, Dougie?
It's time to light it up.
Let's fuckin' do it!
5, 4, 3, 2, 1!
Ah, you know what?
You do the honors.
Okay.
But first things first,
ladies and gentlemen...
my boy Jason just
got into medical school.
Plug her in.
Mommy, Daddy, and I just wanted
to say that I love you guys...
and I love the chase you beer
with, a lot.
And I think I wanna get fucked
up every night of the week.
I think I'm gonna try coke now.
Oh shit. Aw.
Oh shit.
Poor bunny.
Ow! God! Dammit!
Jesus, it's dark.
All right, okay, let's just get
out of here, let's go.
Okay, fuse box.
Okay.
It's normal, it's an old house,
they have rooms like that.
They stored coal for heating
and...
Yeah, yeah, that's really
normal.
Yeah, just chill and let me
see that light.
I think the fuse box is
somewhere... somewhere over here.
Fuck!
Okay. All right, okay, jumpy,
a little jumpy.
Okay, okay.
Holy shit.
Hey, you remember these?
Oh my God, yes.
So okay, when we were pledges...
they made us sleep down here
for like a week.
It was a week, right?
Yeah.
Man, we got soft. We need to
step it up.
Okay, alright.
Yo, it's back here.
Of course.
Get the fuck out!
Shit, Wiggles, uh, look
for night vision in the menu.
Hurry up, come on, hurry up.
I found it,
and I can see.
Okay, hand me the camera.
Agh!
- What? What happened?!
- Shit, shit.
What the fuck is going on?
Wiggles, where are you?
Dude, say something.
Shit.
I'm sorry. I saw something.
Where?
Right behind you.
Wait, what did you see?
What did it look like?
I don't know. It was fuckin'
freaky.
You see! I told you!
There's something down here.
Let's see what you saw.
Come on!
Okay, rewind. Rewind. And...
And...
Nothing.
What the fuck, Wiggles,
there's nothing there.
I'm sorry, guys!
See, Dougie, you're
freaking everybody out, okay?
No more weed, you're paranoid.
Let's go upstairs, we'll do a
shot. This is the fuckin' luau.
I mean, this is stupid,
we should be having fun.
Okay.
Okay?
Yeah, all right, okay.
Man.
Wait.
What is that?
Just...
Holy... okay.
Let's go in.
No! No way, dude.
I'm actually scared, dude.
I'm like really scared,
like I could shit myself.
No! You need to see
that this is nothing.
God, I hate when you
do this shit.
You're not ruining my night,
okay? We're goin' in.
Fuck... okay.
Oh, fuck.
Whoa.
Yeah, no more weed for me.
Just your normal coal cellar.
This is weird.
This is really weird.
Maybe they're sleep
depriving the pledges?
Or maybe they were trying to
build a room with no shadows...
I'm just saying.
Wait, look.
All right, turn it on. Turn it
back on. Turn it back on.
Agh!
Okay, okay.
I'm glad you think this
is funny.
No, this is all suspect, but I'm
sure Grant can find out...
what this was and put your
theory to rest...
but I'm telling you,
it's nothing.
Okay, we'll just... wait, okay,
wait, wait.
Ouch.
I call that one the
rubber lover.
It's so amazing.
Yeah, you're a great artist.
Yeah, it's... it's crazy.
It's... it's actually
clay and feathers.
Wow.
Yeah.
Hey, you guys wanna
do another line?
Yes, please, yes, yes, yes.
Oh, well, excellent.
Here, I'll give this to you.
I know that...
you didn't come up here just
to talk art and do coke.
We came up here to
look at your sculpture.
Uh...
I think you came up here
for a little more than that.
What do you mean?
Lesbi-honest... with each other.
I like you, I do.
I fuck... I like you.
And... I like you.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, settle down,
ladies, come on.
Settle down, all right?
There's enough T
for the both of you.
Now, let me see you kiss
and make out.
See, now we're all friends.
Look, I'm just gonna do another
little bump...
and then we'll really get
this party started.
Yeah?
What the fuck?
Ladies, I know I'm ripped, but
let's just play gentle, okay?
Whatever, come on.
Oh shit.
Ah fuck, ah fuck, come here.
Oh my God.
Oh yeah.
Whoa! Fuck!
What did you do to him?
Did you use your teeth?
No! Of course not! I know
what I'm doing!
What the fuck?
Do you fuckin... you fuck... you
it was... it was looking at me.
It was right here.
Okay, um...
There was a... it was
um... it was right here.
It was fucking looking at me.
This just got really weird.
Yeah, right, it got fucking
weird! What was that?
Hey, do you wanna go
back to the party?
Yes, and thank you for the
laced coke...
I cannot wait to start
hallucinating.
No, I thought I saw the uh,
fuck, hold on, don't go, no.
Yeah, I don't think so.
Let's do another line, I got
a big dick, my dick's huge.
I'm sure you do.
Let's play with it, fuck,
what the fuck!
It was a
joke. That's Dougie, man.
Let's hide the fuckin' body,
Wiggles!
That was pretty quick.
Yeah. Six for six?
This guy's fuckin' wild.
Let's say tonight's not over.
Are you kidding? Liza said
those girls are sluts.
Yeah, they're fucking nuts,
Grant.
Okay.
Take this shit.
No, no, I don't....
Oh, I'll... yeah, I'll take it.
I gotta get fucked up.
Weird.
Hi, can I get a sangria, please?
Whatcha' want?
A sangria.
You got it.
Thank you.
Okay, okay, okay.
Horrificum.
Horrificum Hospes....
Horrificum Hospes.
You need to hurry up
and get over there.
Hm?
You two are so annoying!
Stop being such a puss.
Go over there and change that
girl's life.
Unless you like dudes.
You like dudes?
No.
If you like dudes, that's fine,
I get it, I love dudes.
I've been eyeing
these dudes all night.
What do you think of that guy?
He's hot, right?
Looks like he really
knows how to kiss a girl.
Okay.
Fuck it. Thank you, man.
Hm.
Okay, all right, here we go.
Ah, this is old school.
Is there a date?
Uh... June 1974.
Okay, it's an interview with
Sarken's daughter, Miranda.
Okay, so Miranda Sarken says
that her home life...
deteriorated when her father
came back...
from a research trip in Europe.
He feared the dark,
he would never sleep.
That would explain the crazy
light room in the basement!
Fucking A, okay, all right,
all right.
Like a panic room.
So as a child, her mother
drowned in a swimming pool...
accident, was pronounced dead,
and then...
en route to the hospital
miraculously woke up.
She came back to life.
Shit, man, this family, see how
I've been following the clues?
- I'm good, right?
- Yeah. Yes, sir.
I should be an FBI agent,
not a fucking teacher.
Okay, child services removed her
from the home after finding...
severe scratches and bruises
across her torso at school.
Miranda says her father never
hurt her...
and her parents were good
people.
Before she was placed with her
aunt, her mother said...
her father was influenced by
a demon and that he invited...
the horrifying guest
into their home.
She didn't believe her father
took all those poor souls.
Dude.
Horrificum Hospes. Come on!
What?!
Holy shit! Okay, okay.
What do we do?
About what?
What? There's a fucking
demon in the house, man!
What the fuck?! Oh fuck.
Dougie, man, you've
been smoking all night.
No.
I thought I saw something but
I don't know if it was anything.
No, no, no, no, no,
we gotta go, we gotta...
Fuck, we gotta go, man.
We gotta go, we gotta go.
Shit.
Hey! Hey! Where's Jason? Have
you seen him?
No, sir, I haven't.
Okay look, go find Jason...
tell him I'm looking for him,
alright?
We gotta get out of here,
all of us.
Oh, I need another one.
Oh my God.
Ugh baby, if you wanna hump
my leg at least do it...
on the dance floor where
it's less embarrassing.
Okay, why don't we go upstairs
to my room...
where it's a little less
embarrassing?
Wait, let me smell your breath.
Come here.
Why?
Come here!
No.
You asshole!
Liza, it was just one shot.
It's fine, let's go to my room.
I'm trying to give us
a special night.
Just leave me the fuck alone.
Baby, hey...
I said get the fuck away
from me, Grant!
Okay, you know what?
You are fucking insane.
I'm done with this, this is the
fucking luau, alright?!
It's the best party of the year
and if I wanna drink...
oh, baby, I'm gonna drink.
So get over it, bitch.
Excuse me? Did you just
fucking call me a bitch?!
Yes, he did.
Fuck you, Grant, get out
of my fucking way!
Let's see... okay.
Oh, Jesus! Nascar!
Sir.
Yo, you are not doing your job.
Sir?
Get these people out of here.
Oh my God, I'm so sorry, sir.
Guys, get the fuck out!
What the fuck is this?!
Get out! Get out!
What the fuck?! Get your...
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
What are we drinking to?
To old friends.
Yeah, you used to fuck
each other. Ha!
Thar she blows.
Is your girlfriend gonna be mad
if she sees me talking to you?
Liza? No. Fuck that bitch and
her dad, I don't need 'em.
It's the fucking luau!
Have you seen him?
Have you seen Jason?
Maggie! Maggie! Maggie!
Maggie!
Uh, I'm looking for Jason,
have you seen him?
Dougie, listen to me right now.
You leave him the fuck alone.
He is with my girl and
she has had a rough life.
And if you beaver dam that shit
because of this shit...
because I can tell that you
are fucked up right now,
I will come after you and I will
break your fucking legs...
and I don't give a fuck about
getting kicked out of school.
Don't fucking mess with my girl!
So, no, I haven't seen him.
Cheers.
Jason? Jason, you in there?
Claire, I'm sorry for the
taco blocko...
but I need to talk to Jason.
Jason! Jason! Open up.
Should I bust in?
Honestly, this is not
a good idea.
Let's just leave them alone.
No way, man! This is a matter
of life or death.
We gotta get in.
You know what?
I gotta run downstairs.
- Are you bailing on me?
- Hell yes...
this is too damn much.
Fucking piece of shit. Okay,
give me the camera.
Jason, bro, I'm sorry.
Okay, I literally haven't
been on a slide like this.
Okay, okay, I haven't either...
Okay, here, let me go first.
Yeah, it's like kinda...
is it safe?
Jason! Hey. Um, where are you,
man?
Listen dude, we fucked up,
alright?
Dude, I'm not being paranoid.
I am totally sober, but I think
this cup we found, dude...
I don't think it's a cup, man.
I think it's a fucking cage.
It held something inside that's
out now and these things dude...
they usually need something
to survive.
Dude, I don't know what to do,
man, I'm bugging out.
Call me back. This is not
a joke.
Who's there?
You trying to prank me?
Fuck, dude! Drew! You fucking
dickhead, man! You scared me!
You're very funny, take it off.
Do something useful!
Help me find your brother!
What the fuck?!
Open the door! Help! Somebody,
can you let me out?!
Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit! Help!
Help! Hey! Somebody! Shit! Ah!
Agh!
Sucks, it's the worst.
Damn, who's the slut now, Liza?
This is fucking gold.
Ha-ha, are you okay?
Sorry, I never really smoke
this.
So what is this thing that you
have to do tomorrow morning?
Oh my God, I totally forgot
about that.
Uh, it's a cancer walk thing.
Shit.
A lot of people donated too.
Oh man. I'm... I mean, do you
need to go?
I should, right?
No, I uh... I wanna stay.
I mean, it's just...
it's just an easy 5k, right?
We should've done more
charity stuff, for real.
Like we're so lame like that,
it's crazy.
Oh no, we are pretty lame, too,
trust me.
This thing that I'm doing
tomorrow...
I'm doing it for my mom's, uh...
my mom's memorial fund.
Wow, I'm sorry, I didn't...
I didn't know.
No, I mean it's fine, I was
eleven, it was a long time ago.
Um, she was actually in complete
remission and uh...
she was starting to feel like
herself again...
and she had her energy back and
she was eating again...
and then um, this one afternoon
she wanted to surprise me...
and uh, she picked me up from my
field hockey practice.
She wanted to take me to dinner.
And um, you know,
everything was... was fine.
We were we were laughing and
then out of nowhere...
she fainted at the wheel and um,
we skidded off the road...
and um, I woke up seven days
later...
with the doctor's telling me
that I was miracle.
They didn't think that
I was gonna make it back.
Man, I-I'm really sorry, Claire.
No, I'm sorry.
I uh... I always end up doing
this.
I've been trying really hard not
to be a buzz kill...
all night and this always
happens so...
No, no, you're not being
a buzzkill.
Thank you for sharing
that with me.
It's... it's horrible,
I'm so sorry.
Yeah, it was pretty fucked up.
But I've been letting it dictate
my life for too long so...
Look at that fucking asshole!
Dougie don't even fuck it up!
Oh my god, I think
they're gonna fucking kiss.
No, fucking Jason?
Nah, he like to
take things slow.
I think holding hands might
be appropriate for tonight.
I don't know, I think
it might happen.
Oh! Fuck, I told you.
You know, all he had to do was
just brush her hair away...
gently touch her cheek, and kiss
her soft lips.
Okay.
Liza, you fucking stupid bitch.
I'm gonna fuck your boyfriend
and film it. I win!
Um, hello? Grant? Are you
hiding?
Grant!
Agh!
Oh!
Gotcha.
Are you are you
filming this right now?
Uh-huh, we're making a sex tape.
Well that is definitely not
something...
that I am comfortable
with at all.
Oh, come on. We can watch it
after we fuck.
Then we can fuck again.
Fuck, you have matured.
I've matured? You've matured.
Ssh.
Is that your fucking girlfriend?
I fuckin' hope so.
I don't hear anybody.
What the fuck?
Hey, whoever the fuck that
is, that's a private bathroom.
You gotta get out.
Seriously, get the
fuck out of there.
Grant, what's happening?
Grant?
Asshole.
Where was this guy hiding?
Mostly from Liza, but he has
been working out...
lifting weights, a little, light
cardio just for you.
Aw fuck, you feel so good.
You like this?
Yeah.
You like me?
Yeah, I love you. I love you.
Yes. Yes. Yes. Don't
stop. Don't stop, I'm so close.
Kate? Kate. Kate?
What the fuck? Fuck.
Oh, God.
No!
Well, that's good.
Wait, this is... this is Grant's
room.
Oh my God.
Listen.
Ew, I think I can hear Kate.
No, no, that's gotta be Liza.
Oh Liza, Liza.
Let's leave 'em alone.
That was really loud.
Yeah.
What's happening in there?
I wanna marry you.
Fucking seriously, I will
fucking marry you right now.
That was insane, your fingers
are amazing.
I'm like outside of myself
right now.
I'll fuckin' marry you...
right after I find a bathroom,
I need to pee.
Hey! Hey! You promise?
Fuck yeah, I promise.
Now this is the good stuff,
it's my favorite.
Thank you.
Wow, you guys are
finally fucking hanging out.
Only took four years, right?
Yeah, it's been a pretty
good night.
And what about you?
It sounds like you've been
having a great night.
No, it's been fuckin' terrible,
okay?
Grant and I got into
some stupid fight.
Oh, I thought you guys
were upstairs?
Yeah, we...
Upstairs?
We heard you guys in his room.
Well, it couldn't have been me.
I've been down here all night.
Oh, no, no, no. You know what?
I saw him.
Actually, he was out front, uh,
with Dougie... with Dougie.
Grant went upstairs
with that KZB girl.
Yeah, they went up to his room.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, this
area is off limits, back off!
Get the fuck out of my way!
You wanna fuck with me,
you piece of shit?
You will not work a day
on Wall Street.
My daddy will end you,
you little bitch. Guess what?
I'm gonna send this fucking
video to every fucking bank...
in the entire fucking world.
Oh, open the door! I know you're
in there with that stupid whore!
Guess what? I made my own key,
bitch.
Oh, you stupid slut. Come here!
Wake the fuck up!
Oh my...!
Somebody help me!
Ah! Oh my God! Grant! No!
Fuck.
Agh! What the fuck?
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Time to go.
Maggie, Maggie, come on.
No, I'm staying.
No, no, no, okay.
Wait, what? You're not supposed
to be better than me.
Ha-ha, yeah.
Okay, wait a minute.
I played a lot with my dad
when I was a kid, so...
You're cheating.
No.
Yeah, okay, well I need some
help.
What's this magic that you have?
Okay, are you ready?
Sorcery. Yeah.
You cannot just spin it
like a mad man, okay?
You have to just lightly flick
it in. It's all in the wrist.
Wait, wait, show me again.
Okay, you just lightly
touch it in, like that.
Like?
Mm-hm.
Oh my God. Oh my God. Are you
alright?
Hey, man, someone call
911.
Yo, buddy, you... you alright?
We need a fucking doctor!
Hey. Hey.
Oh shit!
Out of the way!
Get the fuck out of here!
Everybody run!
What?
Just one second, okay?
I just have to I have to turn
something off.
What? You have a camera?
Yeah, we like, we prank each
other and do al... what the fuck?
Is this...? Where's the...?
Oh, hello.
Whoa, okay, it's recording.
Wait, what's that?
Wait, what the fuck?!
Hold this for a sec?
Drew! Come on, man! Get the fuck
outta here!
Jesus Christ!
What's wrong with his eyes?
Wait, what the fuck?
Where's Dougie?! Something has
happened downstairs.
We have to go! We have to go!
What?
What the fuck is happening?
You guys, look.
Oh, dammit. Dougie. Yo.
Oh my God.
Dougie. Dougie.
Oh my...
Okay, he's breathing! He's
breathing!
Dougie! Dude, come on!
Dougie! Fuck! Wake up!
Wiggles, what is going on?
Dougie was right! It killed the
family that used to live here...
and now it's getting stronger,
it's feeding on us!
We need to leave!
We need to leave now!
No, please let me out!
No!
Ssh!
No... Tate.
Tate. Tate!
Tate!
Ali, no. Ali!
Guys, come on, we can't just
leave him here.
We can't carry him.
Wiggles is right. He'll be safer
here. We have to go for help.
Okay. Okay.
Okay, the quickest way out is
through the living room, okay?
Yo, will you put that shit down,
you fuck?
No, nobody will ever believe us.
We have to show what's
happening here!
Okay, we gotta go out this
way.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Can we get down here?
No, no, no, no, it's too high.
It's too high. It's too high.
Okay.
Quietly.
Fuck. Fuck. Goddammit. Okay.
We're gonna have to go to
the... to the living room.
Oh my God! Oh my...!
Come on, come on.
Tanner! Tanner! You can still
get out!
What the fuck is that?
Is he dead?
Wait, hold on.
Okay.
Hurry up, gimme that!
Okay... okay, okay.
This way, this way. Come on,
come on.
Okay. Okay.
Tanner. T?
Maggie? Oh my God.
Wait.
We gotta go, we gotta go.
It won't open. We're trapped.
What?
Greg, dude, man, get up,
we gotta go.
Where, Wiggles?
Aw man, get the fuck up.
What are you doing?!
Stop! Stop!
There's a safe room. Come on,
let's go.
We need to turn the lights on.
Okay.
What do we do? What... what do we
do?
The light switch, on the wall.
Okay.
Where? Where? Where?
We have to hurry, Claire!
Okay, okay, okay.
Claire! We have to find
it, Claire!
Oh my God.
Oh, my god.
How do we... how do we get
it in there?
I don't know. I don't know.
Maybe there's something in
here that that tells us.
Let's see.
The police will be here soon.
Hello?
Hello! We're down here!
Jason?
Daphne, what are you doing here?
Are you okay?
Are the police up there?
What's going on?
Are you okay?
Is it safe? What's happening?
Is it safe?
What's happening? Daphne!
Daphne, what's going on?
Is it safe?
Hello?!
My mom always thought the evil
was still in the house...
after my grandparents died.
And I promised to never
let it get out again.
Wait, what are you talking
about, Daphne?!
Your grandparents?
I'm sorry, Jason.
Agh!
Oh my God! Oh my God! Jason!
- I'm sorry, I had to.
- What did you do?
What did you do to him?
It's you or Jason, he saved you
for last.
Oh my God.
It must be you. Did you survive
a death?
What? No.
Did you survive a death?!
What are you saying?
I have to kill you. It's the
only way to stop it.
No!
You have to die!
Please! I didn't do
anything!
My grandfather had to
kill his wife to stop it!
Stop this please,
please!
It needs you to fully
free itself from the cage.
Please! No!
- Just turn around!
- No! Please!
- Close your eyes, Claire, please!
- You're crazy!
Let go! Claire! Don't...
Run... run.
Claire!
It's gonna cross over
and we're all gonna die.
Dougie! Dougie!
I'm sorry, Claire.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I-I couldn't let it out.
Claire, I heard everything.
I'm sorry.
237 in route.
Advise if
you need any other agencies...
dispatched for backup.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org